---
layout: post
title:  "Objective Oriented Programming"
date:   2019-10-17 13:45:00
author: Bonhun Koo
categories: [Coding Interview]
tags:    coding
cover:  "/assets/instacode.jpeg"
---

## Basis of OOP
Objective Oriented Programming (OOP) is a programming design concept to provide more intuitive structure of codes.
As you can see in the name itself, the key concept of OOP is the <b>object</b> which consists of <b>data</b> and <b>method</b>.
We can instantiate an object using the <b>class</b> which is so-called the bule print of object.
OOP desires to construct a poject by interactions between objects performing functions indepent to the other objects.
In conclusion, OOP helps us to divide a big project to small pieces of sub-problems for making us to achieve more intuitive understanding of the whole project.
OOP introduces four core principles to make it possible.

## Abstraction and Encapsulation
Abstraction is one of the most key insights in the computer science to seperate a big problems into several independent small problems.
Compared to a big problems, multiple small problems are easy to understand, good to debug, and having more benefits to be optimized.
A componenet (an object) which solves a piece of problem communicates to the other components using abstracted concept of the others to minimize dependency.
By the abstraction, we can develop each component independently for implementing, optimizing, and sustaining.

Encapsulation is a concept highly related to the abstraction.
Internal datas of a component is protected by forbidding direct modification by the other components.
The state of a component which is determined by internal datas is only changed by public methods of the component.
This prevents the componenet falling into unexpected state.

## Inheritance and Polymorphism
In the perspective of a class, designed features in the class can be shared to the other classes when the features are common.
Child class can inherit these common features from the parent class.

In the perspective of a object, An object can contain heterogeneous features from the multiple classes.
Polymorphism means “many shapes” in Greek and it implies this charastrics of an object.

## References
You may understand the basic concepts of OOP from [this article][oop_easy].
Or, please check [this][oop_detail] to find more detailed descriptions about OOP to get deeper insights.

[oop_easy]: https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/object-oriented-programming-concepts-21bb035f7260
[oop_detail]: https://medium.com/from-the-scratch/oop-everything-you-need-to-know-about-object-oriented-programming-aee3c18e281b

